{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Emoji;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont2\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 <!DOCTYPE html>\par
<html lang="en">\par
<head>\par
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />\par
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />\par
    <title>Privacy Policy \f1\emdash  Free Online Tools</title>\par
    <meta name="description" content="Read our privacy policy to understand how we handle your data. We are committed to protecting your privacy." />\par
    <style>\par
        /* ---------- RESET & BASE ---------- */\par
        * \{\par
            margin: 0;\par
            padding: 0;\par
            box-sizing: border-box;\par
        \}\par
\par
        body \{\par
            font-family: 'Segoe UI', Tahoma, Geneva, Verdana, sans-serif;\par
            background: linear-gradient(145deg, #0b1120 0%, #1a2332 100%);\par
            min-height: 100vh;\par
            padding: 30px 20px;\par
        \}\par
\par
        .container \{\par
            max-width: 850px;\par
            margin: 0 auto;\par
            background: #1e293b;\par
            padding: 50px 45px;\par
            border-radius: 28px;\par
            border: 1px solid #334155;\par
            box-shadow: 0 25px 50px -8px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.8);\par
        \}\par
\par
        /* ---------- BACK BUTTON ---------- */\par
        .back-link \{\par
            display: inline-block;\par
            color: #94a3b8;\par
            text-decoration: none;\par
            font-size: 14px;\par
            margin-bottom: 30px;\par
            transition: 0.3s;\par
        \}\par
\par
        .back-link:hover \{\par
            color: #f1f5f9;\par
            transform: translateX(-4px);\par
        \}\par
\par
        /* ---------- HEADER ---------- */\par
        h1 \{\par
            color: #f1f5f9;\par
            font-size: 36px;\par
            font-weight: 800;\par
            margin-bottom: 8px;\par
        \}\par
\par
        h1 span \{\par
            background: linear-gradient(135deg, #3b82f6, #8b5cf6);\par
            padding: 4px 16px;\par
            border-radius: 14px;\par
            color: #fff;\par
            font-size: 28px;\par
        \}\par
\par
        .last-updated \{\par
            color: #64748b;\par
            font-size: 14px;\par
            margin-bottom: 32px;\par
            border-left: 4px solid #8b5cf6;\par
            padding-left: 16px;\par
        \}\par
\par
        /* ---------- CONTENT ---------- */\par
        .content h2 \{\par
            color: #e2e8f0;\par
            font-size: 20px;\par
            margin-top: 30px;\par
            margin-bottom: 12px;\par
            padding-bottom: 6px;\par
            border-bottom: 1px solid #334155;\par
        \}\par
\par
        .content h2:first-of-type \{\par
            margin-top: 0;\par
        \}\par
\par
        .content p \{\par
            color: #cbd5e1;\par
            font-size: 15.5px;\par
            line-height: 1.8;\par
            margin-bottom: 14px;\par
        \}\par
\par
        .content ul \{\par
            color: #cbd5e1;\par
            font-size: 15.5px;\par
            line-height: 2;\par
            padding-left: 24px;\par
            margin-bottom: 16px;\par
        \}\par
\par
        .content ul li::marker \{\par
            color: #8b5cf6;\par
        \}\par
\par
        .content strong \{\par
            color: #f1f5f9;\par
        \}\par
\par
        /* ---------- HIGHLIGHT BOX ---------- */\par
        .highlight-box \{\par
            background: #0f172a;\par
            border-radius: 14px;\par
            padding: 20px 24px;\par
            border-left: 4px solid #22c55e;\par
            margin: 20px 0;\par
        \}\par
\par
        .highlight-box p \{\par
            color: #e2e8f0;\par
            font-weight: 500;\par
            margin-bottom: 0;\par
        \}\par
\par
        /* ---------- FOOTER ---------- */\par
        .footer \{\par
            margin-top: 40px;\par
            text-align: center;\par
            color: #475569;\par
            font-size: 13px;\par
            border-top: 1px solid #1e293b;\par
            padding-top: 24px;\par
        \}\par
\par
        .footer a \{\par
            color: #64748b;\par
            text-decoration: none;\par
            margin: 0 10px;\par
            transition: 0.3s;\par
        \}\par
\par
        .footer a:hover \{\par
            color: #94a3b8;\par
        \}\par
\par
        /* ---------- RESPONSIVE ---------- */\par
        @media (max-width: 600px) \{\par
            .container \{\par
                padding: 30px 20px;\par
            \}\par
\par
            h1 \{\par
                font-size: 28px;\par
            \}\par
\par
            h1 span \{\par
                font-size: 22px;\par
            \}\par
\par
            .content p \{\par
                font-size: 14.5px;\par
            \}\par
\par
            .content ul \{\par
                font-size: 14.5px;\par
            \}\par
        \}\par
    </style>\par
</head>\par
<body>\par
\par
    <div class="container">\par
\par
        <!-- BACK BUTTON -->\par
        <a href="index.html" class="back-link">\f2\u8592?\f1  \f0 Back to Tools</a>\par
\par
        <!-- HEADER -->\par
        <h1>\par
            Privacy <span>Policy</span>\par
        </h1>\par
        <div class="last-updated">\par
\f1             \f3\u-10179?\u-9019?\f1  \f0 Last Updated: June 24, 2026\par
        </div>\par
\par
        <!-- CONTENT -->\par
        <div class="content">\par
\par
            <h2>1. Introduction</h2>\par
            <p>\par
                Welcome to <strong>YourWebsite.com</strong> (referred to as "we", "our", or "us").\par
                Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect,\par
                use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our website.\par
            </p>\par
            <p>\par
                By using our website, you agree to the collection and use of information\par
                in accordance with this policy.\par
            </p>\par
\par
            <h2>2. Information We Collect</h2>\par
            <p>\par
                We collect minimal information to provide and improve our services:\par
            </p>\par
            <ul>\par
                <li>\par
                    <strong>Personal Information:</strong>\par
                    We do <strong>not</strong> collect any personal information like your name,\par
                    email address, or phone number unless you voluntarily provide it through\par
                    our contact form.\par
                </li>\par
                <li>\par
                    <strong>Usage Data:</strong>\par
                    We may collect information on how the website is accessed and used.\par
                    This may include your device's IP address, browser type, browser version,\par
                    pages visited, time spent on pages, and other diagnostic data.\par
                </li>\par
                <li>\par
                    <strong>Cookies:</strong>\par
                    We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track activity on\par
                    our website and hold certain information. You can instruct your browser\par
                    to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.\par
                </li>\par
            </ul>\par
\par
            <div class="highlight-box">\par
                <p>\par
\f1                     \f4\u9989?\f1  \f0 <strong>Good {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK News:</strong> }}{\fldrslt{News:</strong>\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  All our tools run entirely in your browser.\par
                    We <strong>never</strong> store, share, or sell your data.\par
                    Your passwords, BMI calculations, and text content stay on your device.\par
                </p>\par
            </div>\par
\par
            <h2>3. How We Use Your Information</h2>\par
            <p>We use the information we collect for the following purposes:</p>\par
            <ul>\par
                <li>To provide and maintain our website and tools</li>\par
                <li>To improve and personalize your experience</li>\par
                <li>To understand how users interact with our tools</li>\par
                <li>To display advertisements (if applicable)</li>\par
                <li>To respond to your inquiries (if you contact us)</li>\par
            </ul>\par
\par
            <h2>4. Third-Party Services</h2>\par
            <p>\par
                We may use third-party services to enhance our website. These services may\par
                collect information about your use of our website.\par
            </p>\par
            <ul>\par
                <li>\par
                    <strong>Google AdSense:</strong>\par
                    We may use Google AdSense to display advertisements. Google uses cookies\par
                    to serve ads based on your previous visits to our website or other websites.\par
                    You can learn more about Google's privacy practices\par
                    <a href="https://policies.google.com/privacy" target="_blank" style="color: #8b5cf6;">here</a>.\par
                </li>\par
                <li>\par
                    <strong>Analytics:</strong>\par
                    We may use analytics tools to understand how users interact with our website.\par
                    This helps us improve our tools and content.\par
                </li>\par
            </ul>\par
\par
            <h2>5. Cookies</h2>\par
            <p>\par
                Cookies are small text files that are stored on your device. We use cookies\par
                to:\par
            </p>\par
            <ul>\par
                <li>Remember your preferences and settings</li>\par
                <li>Understand how you use our website</li>\par
                <li>Display relevant advertisements</li>\par
            </ul>\par
            <p>\par
                You can manage your cookie preferences in your browser settings.\par
                Please note that disabling cookies may affect the functionality of some\par
                features on our website.\par
            </p>\par
\par
            <h2>6. Data Security</h2>\par
            <p>\par
                We take data security seriously. We implement appropriate technical and\par
                organizational measures to protect your information. However, please\par
                remember that no method of transmission over the internet is 100% secure.\par
                While we strive to protect your data, we cannot guarantee absolute security.\par
            </p>\par
\par
            <h2>7. Children's Privacy</h2>\par
            <p>\par
                Our website is not intended for children under the age of 13.\par
                We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.\par
                If you are a parent or guardian and you believe your child has provided\par
                us with personal information, please contact us immediately.\par
            </p>\par
\par
            <h2>8. Your Rights</h2>\par
            <p>\par
                Depending on your location, you may have the following rights regarding\par
                your personal information:\par
            </p>\par
            <ul>\par
                <li>The right to access, update, or delete your information</li>\par
                <li>The right to data portability</li>\par
                <li>The right to withdraw consent</li>\par
                <li>The right to object to processing</li>\par
            </ul>\par
            <p>\par
                If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the\par
                information provided below.\par
            </p>\par
\par
            <h2>9. Changes to This Privacy Policy</h2>\par
            <p>\par
                We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you\par
                of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page and updating\par
                the "Last Updated" date at the top of this page.\par
            </p>\par
            <p>\par
                We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.\par
                Your continued use of the website after any modifications indicates your\par
                acceptance of the updated policy.\par
            </p>\par
\par
            <h2>10. Contact Us</h2>\par
            <p>\par
                If you have any questions, concerns, or suggestions about this Privacy Policy,\par
                please feel free to reach out to us:\par
            </p>\par
            <ul>\par
                <li>\par
                    <strong>Email:</strong>\par
                    <a href="mailto:support@yourwebsite.com" style="color: #8b5cf6; text-decoration: none;">\par
                        support@yourwebsite.com\par
                    </a>\par
                </li>\par
                <li>\par
                    <strong>Contact Form:</strong>\par
                    <a href="contact.html" style="color: #8b5cf6; text-decoration: none;">\par
                        Visit our Contact Page\par
                    </a>\par
                </li>\par
            </ul>\par
\par
            <p style="color: #64748b; font-size: 14px; margin-top: 20px;">\par
                Thank you for trusting us with your privacy. \f5\u10084?\u-497?\f0\par
            </p>\par
\par
        </div>\par
\par
        <!-- FOOTER -->\par
        <div class="footer">\par
            <a href="index.html">Home</a>\par
            <a href="about.html">About</a>\par
            <a href="contact.html">Contact</a>\par
            <a href="privacy-policy.html">Privacy Policy</a>\par
        </div>\par
\par
    </div>\par
\par
</body>\par
</html>\lang9\par
}
 